[SUSPENSE MUSIC]
Audio description: [Walter glances in the rearview mirror and spots]
Audio description: [a pickup truck and a car approaching.]
[GASP]
Audio description: [Gomez spots the vehicles.]
Gomez: Who the hell is this? Tribal police?
Audio description: [Hank turns around.]
Audio description: [Hank put his hand on his service gun.]
Audio description: [Jesse turns and spots Jack and his crew.]
Audio description: [Gomez release the shotgun.]
Walter: No...
Audio description: [Jack and the others spark and get out with his]
Audio description: [guns drawn tank and Gomez Jack raised his weapon.]
Hank: Police! Drop your weapons.
Walter: Jack! Don't do it!
Audio description: [Jesse trembles in the car.]
Walter: Jack!
Audio description: [Jack looks at Walter and dangers him.]
Hank: Drop. Your. Weapons!
Audio description: [Jack glances right at his partner.]
His partner opens fire with an automatic shotgun.
[GUN FIRING]
Audio description: [Walter slides down in the backseat.]
Audio description: [Hank and Gomez take over behind the suv]
Audio description: [Jack screw shut at the tires]
Audio description: [and riddle the suv with bullets.]
Audio description: [Hank and Gomez return fire.]
Audio description: [Walter covers himself between the front and back]
Audio description: [car seats as the ground bottle rages.]